## 2023-07-10 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: Michael Kirk

**8** Members in attendance: **Andrew Huff, Cody, Esther, Michael Kirk, Kevin Drury, Marshall, Noah T, Matt McKenzie**

---

## Andrew: reviewed our finances

We are just barely in the black. We spend most of our money on rent, but also have cash expenses. Currently 67 members.

We spent about $12k on the move to our current space. Our landlord has been open with us from the beginning that our current space will be redeveloped and we'll eventually have to move out. The timeline is uncertain, but approximately 2+ years from now. The landlord will work to rehouse us in one of his other buildings, but we should build up another nestegg because moving is expensive.

Other money-making ideas were mentioned, like grants, sponsorships, and group memberships, but nothing specific was proposed yet.

## Michael: wants more pro-spaces available

And relatedly...

## Andrew: wants to consolidate back-office space

Currently we have file cabinets by the entrance, security camera monitors in the electronics area, and the access management machine up on the mezzanine.
Since it's typically the same group of people using all these things, let's consolidate them into one area to reclaim some space.

- ðŸ‘·ðŸ‘·  TODO michael and andrew: consolidate the admin stuff and carve out a couple more pro spaces.

## Esther: reported our wifi is broken (and then fixed it with Cody! ðŸ’ª)

You've probably noticed the WiFi at altspace has been awfully "droppy" for months.

- ðŸ‘·ðŸ‘·  TODONE Esther and Cody did some debugging after the meeting and identified the access point was connected with a [cursed](https://networkengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/55572/rj45-cable-only-has-4-wires) "ethernet" cable.
The cable was ~~sent back to hell~~ unceremoniously retired and presumably now the wifi is great.

Thanks Esther and Cody!

## Andrew: wants your help ($$$) to buy a nice metal bandsaw.

Andrew attended the equinox garage sale and bought a few small tools at rock bottom prices, but then came upon a most glorious metal bandsaw for $900 (it retails for about $2k).

Some attendees committed private funds and we agreed to make up the difference with space funds (up to $500).

If you're excited about having a nice dedicated metal bandsaw (*cough* THE WOODSHOP BANDSAW IS NOT FOR METAL *cough*), and want to keep altspace in the black, contact Andrew and commit some funds.

## Andrew: reminded us we have computers to sell. ðŸ–¥ï¸->ðŸ’°

[Last month](/minutes/2023-06-05-Member_Meeting.html#michael-wants-to-sell-excess-computers-for-fundraising) we got some computers donated to us. We're using a few in the space, but agreed to sell the rest for fundraising.

- ðŸ‘· TODO Matt McKenzie: Post the spec sheet of the various hardware configurations
- ðŸ‘· TODO YOU ðŸ‘€: Sell some computers


## Michael: wants to host a laser engraver social ðŸ¥³

Andrew and Cody got our laser engravers working, and Andrew built a nice workstation for them.
Let's celebrate, spend time together, and maybe attract some new people by hosting a social where people can learn how to use them and try them out.

Michael was authorized to spend up to $100 on party supplies.

- ðŸ‘· TODO Michael: send out a poll for dates (July/Aug)
- ðŸ‘· TODO Michael: coordinate food and any supplies
- ðŸ‘· TODO Michael & Matthew McKenzie: post event on meetup

## Marshall: may host a leather workshop ðŸ¤”

The details are forthcoming, but Marshall might be interested in hosting a leather workshop. The challenges will be getting his equipment here and finding enough people willing to pay the cost of materials.

- ðŸ‘· TODO Marshall: design and publicize a workshop (or decide it's not worth it)
- ðŸ‘· TODO Marshall: contact Michael if you want help moving stuff

## Noah: had some post script PSAs

Technically after the meeting ended, and the remote attendees left, Noah remembered a couple things...

## Noah: had to clean up someone's sawdust mess from the dumpster

We love that people are emptying the sawdust from the vacuum cleaner.
But Melissa (our delightful building manager) reported there was a mess of sawdust in the parking lot.
Whoops.

- Bag up sawdust before throwing it in the dumpster.
- Don't compost sawdust (unless you're sure there's no plywood dust in it, which is unlikely at our space).

## Noah: wants you to double check that the door is locked.

It's happened twice now that our access control system has gotten into a bad state where it stays unlocked - meaning both our interior and exterior doors are accessible. ðŸ˜¬

- ðŸ‘· TODO Noah: is following up with the developer of the system to see if this is a known issue with a fix.

In the meanwhile, wait a second after closing the door and make sure it's locked behind you. If it's not locking, power cycle the access control system, or at least post on discord so someone else can deal with it.

