## 2025-02-03 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Michael Kirk**

**4** Members in attendance: **Matthew Chang, Michael Kirk, Greg Lucas, Shah**

---

## Agenda

### Michael: first finance report as new treasurer

2024 was pretty steady, after a lot of growth in 2023.

### Greg: lights are out

Michael is going to bring 2 bulbs he has squirrelled away.

### Greg: is buying some supplies

### Matt: discussed a "high touch" ProSpace prospect

Someone inquired about doing pottery work here, and they had a some
prerequisites: table/desk, space for their pottery wheel with a splatter guard,
kiln in an area with adequate ventilation and voltage.

After hashing through some of the hypotheticals, no one seemed optimistic about
organizing this scale of improvements for someone based on the DIY/volunteer
labor pool.

Greg Lucas floated the idea of a partnership with SAL to offer 'off-hours'
access to SAL alumni. There was support for the idea at the meeting, in
principal, but no next steps were clarified.

### Greg L: is attempting to get key fob for back door (parking lot)

### Shah (new member! ðŸŽ‰): wishes we had a milling machine.

Shah is working on a van build out.

### Michael is going to refresh our first aid kits.

Some of the items are expired, and some of the band-aids have lost their stick.

